+++
abstract = "Text segmentation is a fundamental task in natural language processing. Depending on the levels of granularity, the task can be defined as segmenting a document into topical segments, or segmenting a sentence into elementary discourse units. Traditional solutions to the two tasks heavily rely on carefully designed features. The recently proposed neural models do not need manual feature engineering, but they either suffer from sparse boundary tags or they cannot well handle the issue of variable size output vocabulary. Our generic end-to-end segmentation model, named SEGBOT, uses a bidirectional recurrent neural network to encode input text sequence. The model then uses another recurrent neural network together with a pointer network to select text boundaries in the input sequence. In this way, SEGBOT does not require hand-crafted features. More importantly, our model inherently handles the issue of variable size output vocabulary and the issue of sparse boundary tags. In our experiments, SEGBOT outperforms state-of-the-art models on two tasks, document-level topic segmentation and sentence-level discourse segmentation." 
authors = ["Jing Li", "Aixin Sun", "Shafiq Joty"]
date = "2018-07-03"
image = ""
image_preview = ""
math = false
publication_types = ["1"]
selected = true
publication = "Proceedings of the 27th International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence and the 23rd European Conference on Artificial Intelligence), (IJCAI-ECAI-2018)"
title = "SegBot: A Generic Neural Text Segmentation Model with Pointer Network"
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_pdf = ""
url_project = "http://138.197.118.157:8000/segbot/"
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
+++

