+++
# Date this page was created.
date = "2016-04-28"

# Project title.
title = "Speech act recognizer for synchronous and asynchronous conversations"

# Project summary to display on homepage.
summary = "CON-S2V: A Generic Framework for Incorporating"

# Optional image to display on homepage (relative to `static/img/` folder).
image_preview = "bubbles.jpg"

# Tags: can be used for filtering projects.
# Example: `tags = ["machine-learning", "graphical-model"]`
tags = ["representation-learning"]

# Optional external URL for project (replaces project detail page).
external_link = ""
highlight = false
# Does the project detail page use math formatting?
math = false

# Optional featured image (relative to `static/img/` folder).
[header]
image = "headers/bubbles-wide.jpg"
caption = "My caption :smile:"

+++


### About
This package includes:

- A bi-directional LSTM for speech act recognition (theano, keras)
- A global CRF model for thread-level inference (Matlab)

### Related publications
- Shafiq Joty and Enamul Hoque. 2016. Speech Act Modeling of Written Asynchronous Conversations with Task-Specific Embeddings and Conditional Structured Models. In Proceedings of the 54th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL-2016) , Berlin, Germany. [[PDF](http://alt.qcri.org/~sjoty/paper/speech-act-acl-16.pdf)]


```
@article{jotySA,
  title={Speech Act Modeling of Written Asynchronous Conversations with Task-Specific Embeddings and Conditional Structured Models.},
  author={Joty, Shafiq and Hoque, Enamul},
  publisher=ACL,
  year={2016}
}
```


### Download
- [Data - QC3 and BC3 ](http://alt.qcri.org/tools/speech-act/corpus.zip) We do not release other datasets (MRDA, SWBD, TA) for license issues
- [Code (drafty)](http://alt.qcri.org/tools/speech-act/code.zip)

# License
The speech act recognizer is an Open Source Software, and is released under the Common Public License. You are welcome to use the code under the terms of the licence for research purposes ONLY, however please acknowledge its use with a citation.
